Add Organisation and Project invitations (#560)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/org_invitation.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: org_invitation"

> sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-organisation-invitation"

Reviewer: let's use American spelling please `organization`

> sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-organization-invitation"

Reviewer 2: This should be  sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-datasource-organization-invitation"

Author: Sorry @themantissa , I apologise about the terrible copy and paste, and not checking....pretty embarrassed.

Reviewer 2: No worries at all, it happens.   I may or may not have done the same at some point in my life ;)

description: |-

>     Provides a Atlas Organisation Invitation resource.

Reviewer 2: This is a datasource so not a resource, replace with:      Describes an Atlas Organization Invitation.

Author: Changes to US spelling as well.

>     Provides an Atlas Organization Invitation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Provides an Atlas organization invitation.
```

Author: Done

---

> # mongodbatlas_database_user

Reviewer 2: Bad copy/paste :)  
mongodbatlas_org_invitation

> `mongodbatlas_org_invitation` describes an Organization Invitation. This represents an Invitation for an Atlas User within an Atlas Organizatiom.

Reviewer 3: - Organization, Invitation, and User are not proper nouns. They shouldn't begin with capital letters.
- typo: Organizatiom
- I think this can be simplified to one sentence:
```suggestion
`mongodbatlas_org_invitation` describes an invitation for a user to join an Atlas organization.
```

Author: Thanks for that education on using capitals, and the other comments.....as you can see my Australian English is not the best. :-)

> `mongodbatlas_org_invitation` describes a Organisation Invitation resource. This represents an invitation for an Atlas User within an Atlas Organisation.

Reviewer 2: Please do a replace of all Organisation to Organization to match our Atlas doc and replace "a" before any org mention with an "an".

> Each Invitation has a set of roles for an Atlas user within an organization.

Reviewer 3: this seems out of place here. The roles are described below.
```suggestion
```

Author: Done

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "mongodbatlas_org_invitation" "test" {
  username    = "test-acc-username"
  org_id      = "<ORG-ID>"
  roles       = [ "GROUP_DATA_ACCESS_READ_WRITE" ]
}

data "mongodbatlas_org_user" "test" {
  org_id     = mongodbatlas_org_user.test.org_id
  username   = mongodbatlas_org_user.test.username
}
```

## Argument Reference

> * `org_id` - (Required) The unique ID for the organization to create the Invitation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `org_id` - (Required) Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the organization to which you invited the user.
```

Author: Done

> * `org_id` - (Required) The unique ID for the project to create the database user.

Reviewer 2: Bad copy paste part 2?  The unique ID for the organization.

## Attributes Reference

> In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

Reviewer 3: - `... are exported` is passive voice. Make this more active.
- avoid positional adjectives like `above`.
```suggestion
In addition to the arguments, this data source exports the following attributes:
```

Author: Done

> * `username` - (Required) The Atlas user's email address.

Reviewer 2: Since there are two username's inviter and invitee, might want to be more specific, for example: Email address of the invited Atlas user.

Reviewer 2: I still think it wouldn't hurt to clarify this more but am happy to hear any reason why we should not do so.

Reviewer 3: from the Atlas API docs. Also addresses @themantissa's comments.
```suggestion
* `username` - (Required) Email address of the invited user. This is the address to which Atlas sends the invite. If the user accepts the invitation, they log in to Atlas with this username.
```

> ## Attributes Reference

Reviewer 2: The api also returns the inviter username and teamIds per the doc - https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/api/organization-get-one-invitation/.   Any specific reason for leaving this out?

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

> * `id` - The database user's name.

Reviewer 2: Bad copy/paste part 3

* `invitation_id` - The identity of the Invitation in Atlas
* `inviter_username` - The username of the person creating the Invitation
* `teams_ids` - An array of team identifiers that the Atlas user has been invited to join

> * `roles` - List of user’s Atlas roles. The available options are:

Reviewer 3: these should align more closely with the Atlas API documentation: https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/api/organization-create-one-invitation/
```suggestion
* `id` - Autogenerated unique string that identifies this data source.
* `created_at` - Timestamp in ISO 8601 date and time format in UTC when Atlas sent the invitation.
* `expires_at` - Timestamp in ISO 8601 date and time format in UTC when the invitation expires. Users have 30 days to accept an invitation.
* `invitation_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the invitation in Atlas.
* `inviter_username` - Atlas user who invited `username` to the organization.
* `teams_ids` - An array of unique 24-hexadecimal digit strings that identify the teams that the user was invited to join.
* `roles` - Atlas roles to assign to the invited user. If the user accepts the invitation, Atlas assigns these roles to them. The following options are available:
```

Author: Done

  * ORG_OWNER
  * ORG_GROUP_CREATOR
  * ORG_BILLING_ADMIN
  * ORG_READ_ONLY
  * ORG_MEMBER

> See [MongoDB Atlas API](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/api/organization-get-one-invitation/) Documentation for more information.

Reviewer 3: - this API is now called the Atlas Administration API.
- Documentation is not a proper noun.
```suggestion
See the [MongoDB Atlas Administration API](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/api/organization-get-one-invitation/) documentation for more information.
```

Author: Done
